* 연봉 협상

  I'd like to receive 40 to 45 million won a year. but that's negotiable

* 회사 내규 따르겠다 : I'll follow the company's policy.

  * I'd like to fit my salary to your suggestion.

* is this the final interview with ericsson today?

* I hope to join the company on March 29th or April 1st.

* I thought this is the job of support engineer, but the email you sent said that I'm an Integration Engineer . is this the same job?

* 외국에서 일하길 원했다 : `I've always wanted to work abroad.`

* `I decided to work abroad to broaden my perspective.`

* 수습 기간 : `New employees go through a probation period of three months.`

  `so, Do I receive 80 or 90 percent of my salary during the probationary period?`

* 구비 서류 : `Are there any documents I need to prepare on the date of joining the company?`

* 영어 자기소개

  Hi, my name is soyoun yoon.
  Before start, Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to this company.
  I'm a prospective Support Engineer who can bring passion to Erricson-LG
  I majored in Information and Communication Engineering in my college.
  And i've got 2 kinds of certificates in  Engineer Information Processing and Radio Telecommunication Equipment.
  They've given me opportunity to work at KT for 9 weeks as a Network Engineer.
  During my internship, I Performed a project about safety supporting solution with wifi-sensing with my coworkers. 
  It was stimulating as I learned overall IP access Equipments and how services are provided to end users.
  when it comes to my selling points for this job, I'm really challenging and i have the ability to adapt to work through job experience in various companies.
  With the experiences that I’ve mentioned so far, I will bring a positive results to Erricson-LG to secure the No.1 market share and meet the satisfaction of all the customers.
  I’m confident that My work experiences and my qualification would be valuable asset for Erricson-LG.
  thank you.

* **다시 말해줘**

  **Sorry, I cannot follow you. Would you mind saying that again more slowly?**

  **I’m sorry. I don’t understand what “000” means. Could you explain the meaning?**

* 회사 지원동기

  I'm applying for EricssonLG because of their sustainability efforts and organizational culture.
  In order for the fourth industrial revolution to be platformed, I think the role of 5G equipments to quickly process a lot s of data is the most important. Among them, Ericsson, the world's largest telecommunications company, is helping individuals achieve their capabilities and goals in any job or position under a system environment within the company. 

  In addition, erricson is giving opportunities to woman such as holding girls in ICT every year in order for female talent to enter the ICT industry. 

  As a support engineer for Ericsson LG, I'll contribute to customer's and ourt inovation by supporting a stable wireless network so that many people could enjoy 5G

  In the future, I'm looking forward to contributing to the development of the global industry.

* 주변 사람들이 지원자를 어떻게 평가하는 지?

  `I don't know exactly How my friends think about me, but I've heard a lot about making others feel comfortable. `

  `When i was a member of student's Association, I took care of my younger friends who did not get along the new students who came to the camp for freshman, and I tried to listen to minor concern of my colleagues. `

  `As a result, when i graduated from my university, I have more than 650 friends on my kakao. Thanks to this personality, I spent a lot of time with friends throughout my school life, and I was able to spend an unforgettable college life.`

* 취미/특기

  I usually play card games rather than react quickly. while playing that, I enjoy talking with my friends to understand their psychology.

  I've been working part-time at a cafeteferia, since I was 20 years old.

  I did it for about 7 years, and I really like coffee so that I bought a coffee machine , I drink it at home when i have a free time.

* 10년 후 본인의 모습?

  I heard that the generation change of communication takes place every 0 years. 

* **에릭슨이 어떤 회사인가?**

  It's a joint venture between Ericsson and LG Electronics. 

  Gartner has selected Ericsson as the leader of 5G infrastructure. It is a company that has led the history of Korean telecommunications for more than 40 years by contributing to 덕률풍... and electronic exchange. I want to grow into a support engineer by learning Ericsson's technical know-how and portfolio.

* **왜 Support Engineer?**

  No matter how well the R&D develop the best equipment and how well the sales team sell the solution, if the support engineer handling the customer issues performs without responsibility, mutual trust and customer satisfaction will decrease. Therefore, I think it is one of the most important duties, as a support engineer.

* 인턴 경험이 SE 수행에 도움?

  Internships are not only job experiences, but also business manners such as `receiving calls, writing e-mails, and writing reports`.

  also I can learn how I can acheive the common goals for compamy.

  and after that, I have been constantly thinking about my job, and I was able to find the direction of the industry and job while doing various tasks.

This is the main reason why ErricsonLG appeals to me so much

코로나가 종식되더라도 비대면, 재택근무 등의 뉴노멀 시대가 올것



* **친한친구소개 / 특징 묘사 / 최근에 나눈 대화**

  I have a  best friend named  슬지

  I first met her when i was freshman in college. so we have known each other for 7 years.

  now she is working at chemistry factory as a staff .

  her nickname is 태연 because she looks like a 태연 who is singer in korea

  she was very kind and nice, 

  I met her last week in samsung station with other friends

* **How are you feeling today?**

  >  I'm a bit nervous but very pleased to think about working for erricson. Thank you for asking

  * **Why are you so nervous?**

  > I guess it is because i have prepared this interview for a long time and I know this moment is really important for me. that's why I'm so nervous right now

* 출퇴근 얼마나 걸림?

  if i take the bus and subway, it'll take 30 minutes. i think it is the fastest way to get here.

  * **대중교통/ 뭐 타고 어떻게 왔는가?**

    I took the subway and it took me thirty minutes. I usually take the subway wherever I want to go. It’s the most convenient transportation.

* **What do you do on your spare time?**

* **What are you going to do after this interview?**

* **What are your strong points and weak points?**

  My greatest strongness could be that i'm very sociable person and I have the ability to adapt to work at many company as an intern.

  My friends and coworkers always say to me "you are always smiling, it makes me calm down when we met first"

  and this kind of my strength made a postive effect to consult customers when i was an intern at korail. I will wisely solve the customer issues that arise in Ericsson  as a support E.

  >  My greatest weakness could be that I sometimes focus on little details too much.  I usually take too much time before making any decision. But once I make the decision, I don’t look back and get on with the work. 
  >
  >  I always think whether it is possible or not. To overcome this, I have been doing many activities that require leadership, and I've been planning and developing projects, I'm always trying to make a quick decision by checking out time with a stopwatch.
  >
  
> when it comes to my personality, my friends and coworkers would say that i'm very friendly and 
  >
  > They always say 'You're always smiling.' 
  
* 장점 증명할 수 있는 에피소드
  * 단점 극복하기 위해 무엇을 해왔는가?
  
* 궁금한 것 있니?

  ```markdown
  * what would i be expected to accomplish in my first month on the job?
  
  * what training programs are available to your employees?
  ```

* **Have you managed many people before?**
* 취미 

I enjoy going to the movies, but 코로나때문에 요즘 ..X

* Why should I hire you?

  > As you must have seen on my resume, I have many internship experiences 
  >
  > with my hands on experience and educational backgroud, I think I can contribute to ErricsonLG

  


I am a supportive communicator who loves to come up with creative strategies and collaborate with people.



Most of my strategies are focused on programming and network

I have worked at KT which is an ~~ for 9 weeks

I majored in electronic engineering

I have worked for KT and Naver Cloud as an engineer

I'm happy to talk with you today about your company's opportunity

- I have worked independently and with others and have achieved success in both positions

* I'm a good listener as a team member and open to feedback
* I'm a people person
* How would your friends or co-workers describe you?

My friends describe me as hard-working and positive

I think they describe me as passionate person.

* How do you deal with pressure or stressful situations?

I work out regularly to relieve my stress

The deadline for project was tight.





* 수상

  I received the Best Project Award last year for being user friendly

* 인턴

I worked for 2 months as a network engineer at KT where I developed the web site  

I'm very proud of my strengths in learning new concepts and tools quickly

my biggest strength is learning new concepts and tools quickly

it required the use of new software

Nobody was familiar with this sw -> 문제점

so in my free time, I took courses and became an expert -> 적극성

Afterwards, 그 이후에~



* My experiences match with your goal to secure market share
* My skills fit(align) with this Support E position because in the past , 
* I have maintain great working relationships with up to 700 friends
* I have supervised up to ~~ students at my university



I'm good at strategy panning with creative ideas and i belive this aligns with the job

my 

* 방향
  * So that's why
  * As a result 
  * Finally
  * I will
  * In the future

* 반대되는 의견
  * On the other hand
  * However
  * But

* 매끼세끼

  > We developed a website that makes refrigerator management more convenient to modern people who are **inconvenient** with managing food ingredients.

* Among

  > I thought if we exclude the digital underprivileged people, there is no healthy society.
  >
  >  so we developed a mobile communication platform (Among) for the digital underprivileged people. it make them to communicate with their friends and family.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

* 차량 부품 관리 

  > we developed A vehicle parts management and driving assistance system to prevent accidents caused by driver carelessness. there is 6 members in our team 

* 학생회에서 무엇을 얻었나 영어로

  ```markdown
  I used to very shy before entering university.
  so I decided to participate in many activities.
  The most memorable experience was my Student Association.
  I planned a program of retreat to help freshman get close to seniors.
  so I have learned how to lead and care for people.
  I'm confident that my people skills will `be of great value in your company.`
  ```